if today goes according to plan then
this PC will become more powerful than
either of us drop your temperatures and
get maximum performance from your
processor with Corsairs new a 500 air
cooler intuitive sliding lock fan
mounting system allows for variable
mounting height providing the largest
range of RAM compatibility and ease of
installation while the ML 120 fans
provide high static pressure at low
volume levels to learn more about the
all new a 500 from Corsair click the
link in the description below there's
anything the Star Wars saga taught us it
was that the Empire they impact the
Empire yeah the Empire the Emperor
always half asked everything half built
spaceships hats built house built half
built Star Destroyers and death stars
and moon bases as pcs also half asked
what do I mean by that well it's got a
powerful graphics card in it 2080 TI is
no slouch but I've gotten this guy that
we haven't used since overclocking
competition with Steve and this is the
Titan RT X so I figured why the heck not
see if I can't swap it hopefully I don't
break this so the graphics card inside
of this so this is a completely
unnecessary video I am aware of that I
just kind of want to sort of complete
this little this build log it seemed
done but one of the things we didn't
show was the fact that I got a last
minute idea to do a keyboard in the same
theme and a lot of people were like oh
my god Jay missed opportunity to make
the lighting red it should have been red
should have been red the idea was that
this was like the lighting on the front
of this case was supposed to be the
color of the like engine glow from like
the shuttle a lot people didn't pick up
on that I guess not a whole lot of Star
Wars fans follow this channel but I
digress how many people have such a
hatred for RGB they forget it exists the
fact that I can change the color of this
case to be anything I want at any time
so we can make it red and see what it
looks like
I've never taken this out and I don't
know exactly how this works you wanna
know the truth because I know we have a
key
pump power cable right here and this
does not unplug from the pump so I'm not
entirely sure where that goes so these
two plugs right here I'm assuming one is
gonna be a wire that's controlling the
speed that plugs into I don't know what
yet I haven't found post cables from the
other side actually go to one goes to
the USB obviously on the motherboard so
that it can communicate with the IQ
software this other one is probably a
SATA power I don't necessarily need them
to be unplugged but I do need slack so I
can pull the graphics card out this is
one of those systems that's like
everything barely fits in here and I
remember of course it was like don't
really recommend you try taking it apart
and I'm like really oh that's easy
enough of that so they've got their own
little proprietary plugs that just sort
of tucked away here so obviously we have
the riser card there that I'm gonna have
to unscrew I wish I could just get this
out of the way it appears to be this
screw in this screw coz the riser card
is gonna have to flex looks like this
screw is also holding the graphics card
down to the little tab right there that
standoffs right here one there and one
there that the graphics card is melted
to so it's extremely sturdy that's for
sure ah oh you got hooked on my band-aid
you know I don't wanna jinx it but that
way really easy
we also found something out - I want to
make this so people aware this even
though this system coming out like over
a year ago these DisplayPort riser
extension cables whatever they are that
go to this back piece here are not high
bandwidth enough to carry a forward 4k
HDR signal at 120 Hertz remember when I
display kept turning off on us the BFG D
we found that it was this system because
these cables are not able to carry that
signal so as soon as we use like the
test bench with a standard 20 D T on
there all our
went away all right so time to take this
apart this has just been sitting up on
our shelf and I feel really first world
problem you didn't even say that but
that's it's a reality of it and I'd
rather use this thing now than having
just sit around but I've got to take off
all this neat eraser that's got because
we sealed the block there was still air
there obviously in where air goes
condensation why did that fall over I
didn't even touch it I had to make a
choice drop the Titan to grab it or let
the 20 atti fall over obviously I've
made my choice
you know the another reason why I don't
mind using this is because that
competition with like the overclocking
thing we were doing that's that's done
that's over that's not gonna happen
again until the next generation comes
out and I can tell you right now that
Nvidia is in the final approach fine for
how big the die was holy crap done so I
looked at one of these it almost as big
as that's the Red River
did you see the retweeted it was someone
that made the nightmare fuel of the
spinning and quarter speed people hate
you I love in McDermott but man was that
over the top the hairy the ha I still
want to know who the hell he hooked up
with do you really think mace windu was
beating him I know in like Star Wars
theory and all that they say that he was
cuz with mace windu was stronger but I
had had to all be I had to evolve in my
design I think so cuz he went from my
best recovery ever Oh should I clean off
the think I should clean off the shuttin
pod or just let it yeah I should
probably that might not come off because
I really well I made it
and then it's I used that that really
hard gel what did we use to get it off I
don't know the last time we did this
once right then we took it off shut up
bill thank god you're a child
the that stuff is doing a good job it
like dissolving the so what we had done
is this is liquid metal on here and then
it's got a clear like finger polished
gel thing that we put on there uh-oh it
just took the the resistor off
that's a completely repairable part
though yep this I don't have the right
tools to do it but well there's actually
an easier way to fix this just use that
one no honestly I want to I want to do
some more experimentation on this one
now cuz we're saving the resistor here
cuz it's totally repairable so what I'm
doing right now is I'm just practicing
on this one before I ruin the next card
and then go whoa we put the 2002tii back
okay I fix it to the rescue because this
like the plastic scraper deal we're
beautiful II like that that brought up
the liquid metal and the cleared gel
polish stuff okay one whole piece it
almost like a pop thing for a second I
did get that that like that feeling of
like you overslept yeah okay now this
stuff also comes in handy for other
reasons and that has to do with my model
making so let's say for instance you
want to glue and or spray paint a small
piece let's say this is the piece I want
to paint so you go and then you go and
then
so what we just experienced with the SM
or that they S&T but that resistor
popping off is the same reason why you
don't really want to try and remove
heatsinks from your RAM you guys believe
it or not you could pull the entire RAM
chip up it's happened not to me but it's
happened to people all right now it's
time to chance for this guy over I have
no idea this comes apart so let's find
out together okay well maybe this was
all for nothing this fan that cools of
VRMs runs off this plug which does not
exist on this card but this all for
nothing hmm I mean I can just I can just
wire a fan plug on to this and plug it
in the motherboard of something that's
not a problem I'm just getting more
custom now it's just it's just a DC 12
volt yeah what the hell oh they're
twisted together oh so they're shorting
something yeah he'll figured it out this
is a heat this is a heat sensing plug
right there and so he was like wait a
minute if that was stuck down in there
maybe that's designed to only turn on
when reaches a certain tempo and hit it
with heat okay I turned it off oh no I
didn't call it no it's not turning on at
all there it goes
so as soon as it senses heat it turns
itself on so we can just wire this up
like it is stick it back in there
you'll be fine the fan that controls
itself you know doesn't do salty
comments doesn't call us out
so I teach it's all heating together
underneath and then it's heat shrink
together so that cannot really won't
come apart too easily anyway actually
this is gonna be the easiest part right
here I think because because
this is a spring-loaded dealy-bob er
that's screwing into a the same type of
like retention like you'd see on the
back of an AMD Carter there alright so
that's the back holding on the pump and
it has its own wires the other plate is
just a plate for the heatsink that's on
here for cooling what appears to be RAM
and VR in it at that point
shows how strong the magnet was it just
held back that spring there see that's
the whole cooler I should sell this like
that I like how it says 20 atti Corsair
so this is clearly being engineered and
sent to Corsair for this model
specifically from Nvidia so what do you
want to bet that header was soldered on
there specifically for this cooler for
this purpose on this particular rig oh I
missed the little hole shut up now got
to he pipes BP holy crap
it's really stuck down on these memories
go that's where the pipe is pushing down
harder he's man I would say memories I
don't know
boobies boobs are fun except for
breastfeeding so now we have a 28 ET i
card that has to be water cool to be
used again because all the coolers that
we have are including our stock cooler
use that plug that's not there I just so
happen to have laying around right here
in each a water block that's 420 atti a
micro-star
in maasai it is emma sire there
micro-star so because they chose goat
that plug I'm assuming Corsair requested
that without that one even being
soldered on means I couldn't even take
this 20 atti cooler and stick it on
there if I wanted because as you can see
it uses the plug that's not even there
otherwise I could have been like here we
go 20 ATI MSI we have like with the
Radeon stuff and they all use the
factory layouts that's a special ordered
card I have no doubt in my mind that's a
special order card
yes I'm just normal Kelly this crazy-ass
little pee season have a tight-knit
granny that works when we're done
that's me leftover screws so before I
even move on to like seeing if I can do
the LED mod I wanna do I wanna put this
up and get a picture let's go ahead and
just see if it works
as you saw I completely ruined one
contrary to how people might think I'm
responding I'm not happy about it
it's just I've ruined enough things in
my time to just whatever all right come
on I'm trying to be good to you and give
you more power and stuff you be good
back to me hands turning in there that's
a good time yes I mean it works because
we have to make sure it doesn't stick to
300 megahertz we're waiting so you guys
were all mad that I went with this blue
color because that's the color of
engines and we should be red this was
original which they had white black and
blue for all the engines of ship but
since you guys wanted to see what red
would look like here you go
it looks like pink and I finished
telling my driver once the drivers
installed I'm gonna do a thermal check
on this I'm gonna run it under load for
a bit just to make sure that it's not
doing anything like I got a bad taste or
not enough pace or whatever so we've had
it running for a bit right now and I was
even playing around some of the over
clocks just because I wanted to see if
this PSU was gonna be a problem it maxed
out at 54 see right now it's dropped
down to 52 because I reduced the clocks
a little bit it's got a 200 megahertz
offset overclock plus a 500 megahertz on
the memory so it's running just over
2,000 megahertz almost at rpm 2,000
megahertz on the core power limit set to
114 everything's acting normal but the
crazy part is when it did crash when I
pushed it to the limit it didn't do like
a crazy system lock up
or shut down which is what would happen
if it was trying to pull way too much
power from the PSU than it could supply
it just had a crash because it probably
had a reduced voltage because of power
limit so as you can see we're not even
running at one millivolt and I think
like 10:40 or r1 not even 1 volt but I
think like something like 10:40 or
whatever is how high it's supposed to go
so it's actually doing this really
efficiency or really efficiently so it
now has a Titan RTX graphics card in
there the most powerful card right now
and it's funny about how the heat coming
through because it's segmented there's a
slit right down the middle because CPUs
on that side GPS on that side if you put
your hand on this side the airs cool put
your hand on this side the air is hot
but it's the same fan so it's kind of
crazy like I feel like if I pointed my
thermal imaging camera at that you would
see like a gradient heat on one side and
not so much the other but we're not done
yet oh no there's more we need to see if
we can't make the blaster holes glow
because that was the other thing I
really wanted to do when we were doing
this and I wasn't sure how I was gonna
do it now we got to mutilate some more
stuff to make that happen but I am so
happy that I only ruined one Titan RTX
today can only I have to say that mmm
there's this preconceived notion that
you're free he doesn't care yes I do yes
I do if I was given a free Lamborghini
and I scratched it I would still care in
my Lamborghini here in my Lamborghini
account whatever it's repairable at
least it's not like I damaged it it just
pulled a piece off that if if Luis
rossmann were watching this right now
and he's one of the guys that's like
heavily involved in rights repair and
all that stuff and he does all the Apple
repair stuff in New York I'm sure he's
looking at that going looks like six
seconds worth of work yeah yeah with the
right tools I don't have a trace
soldering Crapper do I bother
alright so we just realized we don't
think the fan was running on the GPU
this one here because how hot the
heatsink was and it's making this sound
alright let me double check my keychain
Morini trainers so rather than trying to
fix this thing which could be one of my
I could have screwed up did I not put it
back together right yeah I've got ground
going to yellow you can fix it then we
are with this one Brady is a knock to a
hundred hidden twenty millimeter pan sit
and then it will blow on the back of the
motherboard genius so genius okay here's
what we're gonna do we're not gonna use
this crap anymore this is why we say to
everything we say everything things that
may seem dumb and like why are you
saving that well because of days like
today my friend I have resorted to hot
glue firing the hot glue that I built up
there is where that thing is supposed to
go no I just really hard and then it
lines up but the amount of air I could
feel come through the top tells me that
this was the right cooling mod to do I
feel much better about screwing up the
wiring now otherwise we may not have
done this it's this is just gonna even
help but do that little fan with pulling
air through to not like this fan the
other the only that kind of sucks though
is that this this motherboard only has
that one header where has the other
motherboard I thought about putting in
here has an adjustable and a standard 12
volt next to it promise I don't have any
adjustable RGB headers but there is one
brand out there that is telling everyone
to kind of shove it when it comes to
their proprietary craps with lighting
and that's fractal and their fans here
have adjustable RGB headers oh I can see
them they're in the hub these are
probably popped in there the same way
sorry Josh
one way to do it I mean I just want the
hub oh I can I can pull these wires off
- that's just to the fan okay see if it
lights up you know what oh wait it's
that one that broke off so I just
sacrificed another fan to the greater
good let's see if this time they all
light up apparently I broke an entire
led off like it's like completely off am
I ready to give up on this yet so we
went and bought this kit thing from
autozone from the ricer Isle and we were
like that looks addressable ly because I
talked to it showed like modes and stuff
and then we will fill took it apart and
sure it works so that's what we're gonna
do now we're just gonna do this guy and
and we done and that's how it turned out
so this was always the plan I wanted to
do that from from minute one when I
started this build Phil and I were like
man this needs to be backlit and look
like it's glowing like it just took
impact damage think of all the worships
you have all those holes inside your
ship and these are glowing I'm a little
disappointed in the aura software though
I have to control it with aura it's just
really lackluster and what it can do
like for adjustable RGB strips you can't
give it two different colors to sort of
alternate I want to do that same effect
but with red and green or not green but
it's green because it's 180 out from
aura so it's actually set to green to
make it Orange II read whatever I wanted
to make alternate between two different
colors of warm like that so it would
look like a fire instead it looks like
we have a bit of a fire and some sparks
going on
we got the tightened our TX card in here
that's working and water-cooled we've
got the fan upgrade that was applied to
not only the V RMS but also pulling more
air through the radiator I think this
thing's ready to go now I just see the
bottom mouse to match I did the keyboard
I seen do the mouse I'm not gonna do a
bezel for a monitor I'm gonna broken
enough expensive stuff today I don't
want to do that again anyway thanks for
watching guys I just I wanted to do this
and get it ready for Dreamhack green hat
if you guys haven't been to Dreamhack
it's pretty awesome so it's an Anaheim
this year
they didn't pay for any of this it's
just I think it's really cool it's gonna
have all sorts of like I don't want to
even compare it to like packs but it is
very packs esque but it's all gaming
oriented it's massive it takes up two
full-sized halls inside the Anaheim
Convention Center and there are still
tickets left for standard BYOC or BYOC
like the premium one the higher one they
still have those as well as tickets to
attend the event so I'm gonna be there
with this guy and if you guys are in the
BYOC area come and check it out tell me
how much you hate it and yes hate leads
to fear fear leads to the dark side
anyway anger anger
[Music]
yeah it's less arachnophobia like until
they go